docs(dinghy): Fixed inaccurate information about multiple branches support in Dinghy (#2106)
armory/docs: content/en/plugins/pipelines-as-code/install/configure.md

{{< include "early-access-feature.html" >}}

{{< tabpane text=true right=true >}}
{{% tab header="Spinnaker"  %}}

> Each branch in a repository must be explicitly configured in a separate  `repoConfig` item. In the example below, Dinghy will properly handle changes from two branches, `branch_a` and `branch_b` in `repository-GitHub-repository`. Add the following to your `dinghy.yml` config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each branch in a repository must be explicitly configured in a separate  `repoConfig` item. In the example below, Dinghy properly handles changes from two branches, `branch_a` and `branch_b` in `repository-GitHub-repository`. Add the following to your `dinghy.yml` profile config:
```
